README.md, before:

# 🥗 Salus Assistant

**Salus** means *health* in Latin — and that’s exactly what we aim to promote with **Salus Assistant**.

This project focuses on **Vietnamese culinary items**, with *732 authentic dishes, drinks, and condiments*, providing nutritional insights and intelligent suggestions using a full-stack application. Whether you're tracking calories and nutrition intake, or learning more about Vietnamese cuisine, Salus is here to help.

---

## ✨ Key Features

- 📊 **Personalized Daily Nutrition Goals**  
  Analyze user information to suggest ideal daily intake of calories and nutrients.

- 🍽 **Smart Meal Recommendations**  
  Suggest Vietnamese dishes for each day based on user preferences and health goals.

- 💬 **Interactive Chat with Salus**  
  Chat with Salus for dietary advice, healthy eating tips, and personalized support.

- 📸 **Meal Image Recognition**  
  Upload a photo of your meal — Salus will recognize the food and provide calorie and nutritional breakdowns.

- 📈 **Daily Nutrient Visualization**  
  Track and visualize your daily calorie and nutrient consumption

- ✉️ **Morning Summary Email**  
  Receive a morning email summarizing your previous day’s meals, giving feedback and motivation.

---

## 🚀 Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React, Vite, Tailwind CSS  
- **Backend**: Spring Boot
- **Database**: MySQL
- **AI Services**: Gemini 2.0 Flash API, Flask
- **ETL**: Python, Selenium, Azure SDK, SQL 
- **Cloud**: Azure Blob Storage, Microsoft Entra ID
- **Containerization**: Docker, Docker Compose  

---

## 🧑‍💻 Team Contributions

- **Nguyen Quoc Huy**: Frontend Engineer

- **Ho Vu Thanh Binh**: Backend Engineer

- **Nguyen Minh Quang**: Prompt Engineer

- **Nguyen Thi Ngoc Han**: Data Engineer

---

## 📦 Setup & Deployment

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/hanvocado/Salus-Assistant.git
    cd Salus-Assistant
    ```

2. Build and run using Docker Compose:
    ```bash
    docker-compose up --build
    ```

Commit message:

add a note in README.md

README.md, after:

# 🥗 Salus Assistant

**Salus** means *health* in Latin — and that’s exactly what we aim to promote with **Salus Assistant**.

This project focuses on **Vietnamese culinary items**, with *700+ authentic dishes, desserts, drinks, and condiments*, providing nutritional insights and intelligent suggestions using a full-stack application. Whether you're tracking calories and nutrition intake, or learning more about Vietnamese cuisine, Salus is here to help.

---

## ✨ Key Features

- 📊 **Personalized Daily Nutrition Goals**  
  Analyze user information to suggest ideal daily intake of calories and nutrients.

- 🍽 **Smart Meal Recommendations**  
  Suggest Vietnamese dishes for each day based on user preferences and health goals.

- 💬 **Interactive Chat with Salus**  
  Chat with Salus for dietary advice, healthy eating tips, and personalized support.

- 📸 **Meal Image Recognition**  
  Upload a photo of your meal — Salus will recognize the food and provide calorie and nutritional breakdowns.

- 📈 **Daily Nutrient Visualization**  
  Track and visualize your daily calorie and nutrient consumption

- ✉️ **Morning Summary Email**  
  Receive a morning email summarizing your previous day’s meals, giving feedback and motivation.


> **Note:** The figures we provide are for reference only and may not be completely accurate.  
> The differences can vary depending on the actual portion size and the ingredients that are used.

---

## 🚀 Tech Stack

- **Frontend**: React, Vite, Tailwind CSS  
- **Backend**: Spring Boot
- **Database**: MySQL
- **AI Services**: Gemini 2.0 Flash API, Flask
- **ETL**: Python, Selenium, Azure SDK, SQL 
- **Cloud**: Azure Blob Storage, Microsoft Entra ID
- **Containerization**: Docker, Docker Compose  

---

## 🧑‍💻 Team Contributions

- **Nguyen Quoc Huy**: Frontend Engineer

- **Ho Vu Thanh Binh**: Backend Engineer

- **Nguyen Minh Quang**: Prompt Engineer

- **Nguyen Thi Ngoc Han**: Data Engineer

---

## 📦 Setup & Deployment

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/hanvocado/Salus-Assistant.git
    cd Salus-Assistant
    ```

2. Build and run using Docker Compose:
    ```bash
    docker-compose up --build
    ```
